Restructure Source Maps Upload page (#5799)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/sourcemaps/upload/esbuild/javascript.mdx

Sentry uses [releases](/product/releases/) to match the correct source maps to your events. You can use the Sentry esbuild plugin to automatically create releases and upload source maps to Sentry when bundling your app.

> ## Installation

Reviewer: I recommend you make this change in all the files where you use this Installation/Configuration structure.
```suggestion
## Install
```

```npm
npm install @sentry/esbuild-plugin --save-dev
```

```yarn

> yarn add @sentry/esbuild-plugin --dev

Reviewer 2: It works to have the `--dev` after the package name? TIL.

```

> ## Configuration

Reviewer: I recommend you make this change in all the files where you use this Installation/Configuration structure.
```suggestion
## Configure
```

> Learn more about the configuration of the plugin using our [Sentry esbuild Plugin documentation](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript-bundler-plugins/tree/main/packages/esbuild-plugin).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn more about configuring the plugin in our [Sentry esbuild Plugin documentation](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript-bundler-plugins/tree/main/packages/esbuild-plugin).
```

Example:

```javascript {filename:esbuild.config.js}
const sentryEsbuildPlugin = require("@sentry/esbuild-plugin");

require("esbuild").build({
  entryPoints: ["./src/index.js"],
  outdir: "./dist",
  bundle: true,
  sourcemap: true, // Source map generation must be turned on
  plugins: [

>     // Put the Sentry esbuild plugin after any other plugins

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // Put the Sentry vite plugin after all other plugins, to ensure no changes will be made to files after they're uploaded
```

    sentryEsbuildPlugin({
      org: "___ORG_SLUG___",
      project: "___PROJECT_SLUG___",

      // Specify the directory containing build artifacts
      include: "./dist",

      // Auth tokens can be obtained from https://sentry.io/settings/account/api/auth-tokens/

>       // and needs the `project:releases` and `org:read` scopes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      // and need `project:releases` and `org:read` scopes
```

      authToken: process.env.SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN,

      // Optionally uncomment the line below to override automatic release name detection
      // release: process.env.RELEASE,
    }),
  ],
});
```

> The Sentry esbuild plugin will automatically inject a release value into the SDK so you must either omit the `release` option from `Sentry.init` or make sure `Sentry.init`'s `release` option matches the plugin's `release` option exactly:

Reviewer 2: This is a good note + snippet, which IMHO should be on the other bundlers' pages that don't have it, too.
